# A guide to the video nomenclature

### Single Filter
The videos in this folder are obtained using the base algorithm. The different videos correspond to the different sizes of the moving average filter used in generating them. For example, the file Filter 10.mp4 corresponds to a moving average filter of radius 10 i.e. window size 21.

### Progression Over Trajectory
In this folder, the stabilized videos are obtained by repeatedly applying moving average filters of increasing sizes (increments of 2) on the trajectory vector, to obtain a more smoothened version of the trajectory. For example, the file Filter 3 to 7.mp4 applies a moving average filter of radius 3 to the trajectory, followed by a moving average filter of radius 5 and then finally a moving average filter of radius 7.

### Progressive Application on Video
This folder follows a similar version of the algorithm to the previous folder, with one minor modification. Instead of applying the filters to the trajectory, at each step, the newly obtained trajectory is used to generate intermediate frames and thus, video, and the next filter is then applied on the trajectory vector extracted from these intermediate frames. Once again, the filters are applied in increments of 2.

### Comparison
This folder compares different videos (both stable and unstable) with each other, by displaying them side by side. 

For example, the Progressive Smoothen 3_to_7 vs 3_to_11.mp4 compares the output videos generated by applying the “Progressive Application on Video” version of the algorithm on filters ranging from 3 to 7, and filters ranging from 3 to 11 respectively. On the other hand, the video Trajectory Loop 3_to_11 vs Progressive Smoothen 3_to_11.mp4 directly compares the “Progression Over Trajectory” and “Progressive Application on Video” versions. 

The general nomenclature used in this folder is Progressive Smoothen for the “Progressive Application on Video” version, Trajectory Loop for the “Progression over Trajectory” version, and Single Filter for the “Single Filter version”
